A lot of people come into the space to
make some quick cash and leave. Um, but
I think real transformative change takes
decades. Um, and you just have to stick
through it. Like that's that's when you
will see the change. Like it won't
happen overnight. Um, it won't happen
because your token went up 10x. It will
only happen when an actual real user
finds value in your work and continues
to stay with you for years and years.
Hey everyone, welcome to the Smart
Economy podcast where we ask your
favorite builders the questions you wish
you could ask yourself. This is a
production of neonnewstoay.com and I'm
your host Dylan Grabowski. In today's
episode, we're joined by Mesa Uden, the
head of BV at Injective and the
co-founder and general partner at Vessel
Capital. In this conversation, we talked
about a variety of topics including the
importance of creativity in blockchain
builders, the nuances of VC in crypto,
how Injective has reached its product
market fit, building on the Cosmos SDK
and EVM tech stacks, Injectives Wall
Street collaborations, and so much more.
Just a reminder, nothing said in this
podcast is a solicitation to buy or sell
any tokens and that the guest or host
might hold tokens discussed in any given
episode. You can see a disclaimer at
neonnew.com.
And if you enjoyed this episode, please
rate and review it on your favorite
podcasting platform and share it with
your friends and family. Every rating,
review, like, and comment helps us reach
more people and bring you more
interesting guests. With all that said,
I really enjoyed this conversation with
Mesa and I hope you enjoy it too. Hey
everyone, welcome to the Smart Economy
podcast. Today we're joined by Mesa
Uden, the head of BD at Injective, a
decentralized interoperable blockchain
optimized for finance focused
applications. And Mesa is also the
co-founder and GP at Vessel Capital, a
venture fund focusing on web 3 and
crypto. Super psyched to have this
conversation today, Miraa, how you
doing?
>> Doing well. It's great to connect.
Awesome. Um, I think the most important
question before we we dive into anything
is what is the most applicable anime
show or series that a crypto enthusiast
should be watching right now?
>> Oh, this is such an amazing question. A
crypto enthusiast. Um,
okay. So, my favorite show of all time
is one called Code Guos. I think that
one is just interesting because it has
some futuristic tech, but it also has
crafty strategy. And I think in crypto,
you need to have strategy to make things
work. Um, you'll love it. If you like
Death Note type of vibes, you'll like
it. If you like something just um more
for fun and you want to chill out after
a long day, uh, I think Sakamoto Days is
amazing because it's just a hilarious
show to just kick back with. So, those
are my two picks for one like super
serious and not very funny at all and
one like just hilarious and more like
One Punch Man, I guess.
>> Awesome. The show I keep going back to
year after year, Samurai Shampoo.
>> Oh, that one's amazing. That That's just
great.
>> Yeah. Okay, so you're a cowboy Bebop
kind of anime watcher.
>> Absolutely. I love cowboy BBop.
>> Very nice. Very nice.
>> Cool. I just had to get that out of the
way. That was it was super fun kind of
like digging into your background and
it's it's funny to see like what people
get psyched on and um that's a whole
universe in and it of itself that people
can get completely lost in.
>> I'm like avidly a fan of anime. I think
like I draw the line when people take it
too far. Like I'm not going to dress up
as the characters and walk around on the
street and cosplay all day, but I will
watch because I think it's entertaining
and the story lines are great. So yeah.
What do you think is the role of having
a creative outlet in viewing like an art
or something that's created by somebody
else in our industry? I believe that
people should read um fiction in in
order to kind of like help grow their
mind and to think about what's possible.
And so I'm a really big fan of sci-fi
and I think that there's a lot of themes
in sci-fi that allow the the reader to
kind of like think creatively and out of
the box and in consuming that sort of
content and information. We can also
apply some kind of like out ofthe-box
futuristic thinking to this industry and
crypto and blockchain is like the place
where we can make futuristic innovative
out of the box ideas come to reality.
So, do you think that having something
like sci-fi or anime is super important
for us as builders in the space?
>> I think it's so important because it
gives you a lens into what the future
could look like. And I think not to get
too deep into this, but um that's what
we're all trying to build in crypto,
right? The the future reality. And I've
personally been inspired by a lot of
this. It could be books. I think books
are very underrated. People just have
lost the art of reading in my opinion.
Um, I blame a lot of that on streaming
and Netflix and all these shows because
people just don't read. Back in the day,
I used to read all the time, but these
days I I will also admit like, yes, uh,
I read less than I used to. And maybe I
I'll watch shows like Severance or
Westworld or all these sci-fi shows
because they're just so well made and
those types of shows just didn't have
the budget or weren't created before.
Um, but I think that's such an
interesting viewpoint where we're
constantly at the frontier of this
technology where no one really knows
what they're building or what the
consequences could be. But by being able
to view this content or or have an
insight into especially dystopian
realities and I think a lot of that
comes from books, a lot of that comes in
shows or movies. Um it might seem
mainstream sometimes like Bladeunner is
obviously mainstream but it has
interesting thoughtprovoking elements
right um on on what money can look like
in the future on what technology can
look like how we interact with
technology um and especially after the
advent of uh Chad GBT and like how it's
taken over the world I think a lot about
this it's like now people like Sam Alman
and Peter Taylor are talking about how
they want humanoid workers right
humanoid robot workers I'm like, "Okay,
I've seen like a hundred movies about
this. I'm not sure if I love it, but
that's where the world is heading." And
if um I think you were mentioning
earlier that you've lived in the Bay
Area. Right now, a lot of the Ubers
there, a lot of the Whimos are just
driven by AI as well. And that's just
the beginning in my opinion. At a
certain point, your barista is also
going to be AI. So, how do you think
about that reality where we're um
I don't want to use out of a job because
I think that's a misnomer sometimes, but
yes, a lot of people will be out of the
out of a job and have to maybe relearn
certain skills. Um, which I think is so
so important before this arrives. And I
think that's what a lot of these shows
kind uh try to tell us. Like one of my
favorite movies of all time is Wall-E
where if you remember in Wall-E there's
a bunch of these fat people in just
riding around because they don't have to
do anything. The robots do everything
for them. I don't want to be in that
state in like 20 years where all of us
are just lazy and it's like hey
everything is so simple we don't have to
try. Um, I think that's the biggest
thing. And I think the creative outlets
are important because even if our bodies
over time get less sharp because we're
just more reliant on tech, maybe there
are ways to keep our mind sharp through
these creative outlets, through the work
we do in crypto. Um, that's what gets me
excited every day, I would say.
>> Yeah, I think there's reason for concern
with AI taking our jobs. Um, but it's
also going to open up a new avenue for
creativity in a way that this can be
kind of like the new employment focus.
Like there's a class of of a swath of
people who are not going to have like
the opportunity to get that low-wage job
like that a barista might have or that
like somebody flipping a hamburger might
have. But there's going to be new
paradigms for that person to express
their creativity. There's 10 different
forms of of intelligence. There's like
physical intelligence, mathematical
intelligence, emotional intelligence, so
on and so on. And we're entering a world
where it's going to be a bit of a shock
where AI and and humanoid robots kind of
like take over simplistic sort of job
processes. But as we kind of get used to
this, we're also going to be able to
empower and enable people to really
explore avenues of creativity. And I'm
hopeful that though this future could be
dystopian, that there is an opportunity
for a wide swath of people to be able to
create in a new way that they weren't
previously allowed to do because they
were forced to go to this day job that's
somewhat mindless and numb.
>> 100%. I agree entirely. Um, this might
be like the wildest one of the wildest
stakes I have, but I'm most interested
in knowing when does technology get to a
point where things like school are not
needed. Like we spend so much time
learning useless things in school. What
if there was like a way to just fire
that intelligence like hey the
Pythagorean theorem etc. I don't need to
learn this for a month in math class. I
just learn it. That way you effectively
save like 15 years of your life that you
spend in school. And that's like so
valuable if you could just do other
things for that time. So that's what I'm
most interested about with with the rise
of tech. I think a lot of people are
very reactionary or hate it. And yeah,
there's reasons you might not be super
psyched about it, but I think you will
just have so much more freedom to
explore new interests and like open up
new paradigms. Like you said, um the
exact same thing happened. It's kind of
funny that like in history class we
learn about this during the industrial
revolution. There are these people
called Witites who hated the industrial
revolution and protested against
machines etc. But we're all still here.
Those people who used to do manual labor
are now doing new interesting things
maybe operating the machines etc. So
people will still have jobs. They'll
just look very different and they'll
apply their intelligence in different
ways. That's my take.
>> Awesome. So let's uh let's zoom back to
crypto and blockchain a little bit. Um,
we're both from an era where the white
paper reigned supreme and we were
putting use this this reading skill that
we're starting to see slowly deteriorate
in our own day-to-day activities as well
as like more broadly. So maybe we can
take a step back into time and and
recount your genesis story with with
Bitcoin or with Ethereum like when was
the first time you encountered Bitcoin
or crypto or Ethereum and and did it
click right away or did you have an aha
moment later?
>> Yeah, this is a very good question. So,
um, for me, I first heard about it,
believe it or not, in 2013. Um, I was in
high school. I was like a high school
junior and a few of my friends were
mining it. Um, and don't worry, we
didn't make much money at all. Like, I
think we sold it for like a couple
hundred bucks. Like, it wasn't anything
interesting. Um, that was my first
introduction. I didn't really understand
what was going on. And I wouldn't say I
wouldn't take credit and say like, "Hey,
I joined crypto back in 2014." I didn't.
I think I just like knew about the
industry. I really got into it in 2017
to be quite frank with you. At that time
I was doing an internship at a company
called Two Sigma. It's a pretty big
hedge fund here in New York. Um, and if
you remember during summer of 2017,
crypto was all the craze. I think
Ethereum had just went from like $7 to
like over $300 in the span of a few
months. Um, and we were allowed to pick.
So the entrance got to pick like which
industry they want to focus on. And the
two that were underserved at that time
hilariously was AI and crypto. Um, and I
put up my hand and said, "Hey, I don't
necessarily care about AI that much, but
I I'm interested in this crypto thing.
I've heard about it before." So, I went
all in, started to talk to a lot of
different entrepreneurs. Um, we actually
ended up backing a couple protocols that
are pretty huge today, like UMA, uh,
that you might know. Um, we were also
like LPs in Placeholder, which is Chris
Bernk's like, uh, fund. Um, and I took
all of my internship money that summer
and I poured it all into crypto. Um,
betting on random things like Lisk and
ARC and ETH. Well, ETH is not random. I
still hold most of my ETH to this day.
Um, but there was just so many random
altcoins and I just got into it and it
was exhilarating. Like in December, I
would literally place trades at night,
wake up in the morning, and my portfolio
is up like 2 3x. I'm like, "Oh my god,
I'm a genius." And albe it like I'm only
putting in like a couple hundred bucks
or maybe $1,000 into these things and
it's like for a college student that's
so much money. It's like oh my god I
just made like $1,000 in one night. Um
and then it all came crashing down in in
January, right? Starting in January
after the peak. Um and then I was really
at an interesting point in life where
everyone is basically like gloating and
saying like hey Ma told you so this is
all a scam. So, I was at like this
interesting point in my life where do I
sort of do something traditional or do I
like stay with this crypto thing because
it seems like it's just dying like every
day it just go down and down and down
and it was just like kind of sad, right?
Um, but I decided like I wanted to stick
with it. I don't know why. Call me crazy
because I basically just thought about
what my life might look like in like 10
years. And it's like okay, I have this
like cushy VC job where I could like
invest into people and talk to people.
Um, or I could take a bunch of risk and
dive into crypto and experiment and 10
years from now that cushy VC job will
probably still be there, but crypto
might not be. So, and I'm young, so
let's try it. So, that was kind of my
impetus. It wasn't like very rational.
Um, it was more like, hey, this seems
interesting and I don't want to wake up
when I'm 40 and regret not having tried
this thing. Um, and then yeah, that was
my first intro. I ended up working for a
random startup. Um it didn't go well in
2019. They like basically shut their
doors. Um then I tried making my own
like crypto neo bank. It also didn't go
well. Uh because I was um yeah it was
during the middle of co like we just
couldn't fund raise. It was a great idea
in hindsight but it was just like no one
believed in crypto in 2019. Like when
ETH went below like $100 for a second
everyone's like okay this industry is
over. Like there's like no coming back
from this. um around that time and this
is interesting back in 2018 I actually
skipped my college graduation like week
like the week where people like party
blah blah and I came to New York for
consensus um which is like a big
conference at that time and I met Eric
there and Eric ended up co-founding
Injective I met him hilariously at a
breakfast with Daong Fay like the
founder of Neo so how wild is that I
literally there were 15 people there and
me and Eric were there and we're the
only people probably under the age of 35
there. Um, so we ended up like just
talking and he became a really good
friend and I and I was one of the first
people to read sort of this injected
white paper where he was trying to build
a frontunning resistant Dex.
>> I knew what Dexes were at that time.
There were some very pitty dexes that
were out there in in the wild in 2018.
They're horrible. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
There were a couple. Uh, but they were
horrible. And this front running idea
was interesting because it was way
before like it was right around the time
unis swap was maybe starting to get some
legs like 2018 2019. Um and I just kept
in touch. Eric didn't have any money so
I couldn't work with him. Uh so he was
like going through it and I was trying
to do my own stuff. Um and then like
middle of 2020 Eric finally raised his
seed round and he raised a $3 million
seed round from Panta and others. And
then I literally ended up messaging him
on Facebook and I was like, "Hey dude,
congrats. Uh, I might shut down my
company, but I want to work with you."
And then he's like, "Yeah, let's chat."
And then that's that. And I've been here
for 5 and a half years. And for once,
everything is went well. Obviously,
we've had our ups and downs, but over
time, like I think Injective was a very,
very interesting company for me because
I know it's cliche to say, but I learned
so much by failing like early on in
crypto. Like I knew I knew all the
things. like I knew exactly why
companies fail. I understood what makes
um companies click, what makes people
like a certain token or not like a
certain token. And most importantly, it
made me realize that crypto is more than
just about the token. It has to be
product first and and um blockchain
first. I I I would say because I think
the biggest issue I had in 2017 is
people will write these fancy white
papers that are highly theoretical and
never build anything and it was just a
bunch of fugazi where people like
believed in something but no one ever
produced. Um injective was interesting
because they were forced to produce like
no one wanted to fund it etc. So they
were forced to just build out the
product with like basically ramen
salaries like no one was getting paid
anything. I think the first month at
Injective, I got paid like 1,500 bucks
and I was like whatever, I'll take it.
Um, and it was like rough. Like I was
like splitting bills with my girlfriend.
It wasn't it wasn't great. Like she was
paying most of the rent and stuff. But
yeah, it ended up working out well over
time. Um, and I think a lot of that has
to do with me just constantly being in
this mindset like, hey, if I don't make
this work, I'll have to go back to just
working at a bank or a private equity
shop. And I really would hate that. Um,
so that really was the biggest motivator
ever for me. It's like, okay, I'm going
to make this work. This is interesting,
and there's a good group of people who
are not scammers or schemers like many
other companies I've seen in the space,
and they're in it for the long haul. Um,
and I think very few companies can say
that. Like this thing came out in 2018.
We're still doing the same stuff to this
day and continuing to build and
progress. That's the most interesting
for me because it's like a lot of people
come into the space to make some quick
cash and leave. Um, but I think real
transformative change takes decades. Um,
and you just have to stick through it.
Like that's that's when you'll see the
change. Like it won't happen overnight.
Um, it won't happen because your token
went up 10x. it will only happen when an
actual real user finds value in your
work and continues to stay with you for
years and years. So that's uh that's the
short story of like how I came here.
>> I'm I'm really interested to to delve
into to the recent like onboarding of of
what real long-term players and
long-term users look like um with
Injective. But as you were telling your
story, it resonated so much with me. I
was in a previous career but similar
path uh both as you. Um I was an urban
planner. I left the urban planning pos
profession and went full-time into
crypto in 2018. And during that bare
market I just continuously remember
looking into the mirror asking myself
what the hell was I doing? All my
friends and family were like this is a
scam. Everything's going to zero. I
think that was the last bare market
where we really had to ask ourselves, is
this a technology that will be able to
survive? Because when ETH was $80, it
looked like it was going to keep going
down and everything was going to die.
But I remember being at ETH Denver 2018
when ETH bottomed that month and looking
around and seeing all those builders
there and I knew I just knew that this
wasn't something that was fly by the
seat. it wasn't going to fade out
because there were long-term builders
there. And my colleague who I ended up
working for, um, he basically said, "The
factory will always be there. So, like,
why not take a risk? Why not leap take a
leap of faith and come build in this
space and if we fail, then you can
always go back and work for the
government?" Which was the worst. I
don't even need to go into that, but
>> Oh, yeah. Talk about slow. Yeah. They'll
never get anything done, but yeah.
>> Yeah. and and like anyways that's a
whole other rabbit hole we won't go down
but in your story you you you brought up
a handful of times your your collegiate
experience you studied at Harvard was
there a blockchain atmosphere at
university during your tenure there um
two years ago I went and traveled the US
I spoke at 12 different universities and
I met with blockchain clubs all across
the US and like they were here they were
thriving in 2023 there were students
that were building. There were live and
active blockchain clubs. That might not
necessarily have been the case 5, 6, 7
years ago. What was your experience when
you were here?
>> It really wasn't. There was like a
blockchain society that was effectively
like three, four people hanging out uh
and just figuring out what to do. It
wasn't like a big thing at all. It was
so so niche. Like when you go to a
college like that and this is something
I did like about my college experience
personally you have this like feeder
where everyone wants to be a consultant
at McKenzie and everyone wants to work
at Blackstone and Goldman Sachs. There
very few people who are willing to risk
not getting paid that huge sum of money
right out of college to like even go
into tech. Some people will go into
tech. The engineers all go into like
tech. But by tech I mean they want to
work at Facebook. They want to work at
the big companies. they're not taking a
risk to work at a startup, let alone a
crypto startup. So, that was the biggest
selling point. I think the blockchain
club was a bonafide society of that time
of like people who um were just day
trading these assets or like speculating
on assets. No one was necessarily
thinking about building a project. Um,
which in hindsight I regret because that
would have been great to have been
building something um during the
euphoria of like 2017 2018 because that
was an amazing time where the public
could really participate without
restrictions in your project. Like you
could run an ICO and you could have real
individuals participating and it's not
just like a closed door VC game like it
is today unfortunately. um because ICOs
are illegal and you can't raise from the
public and you have to do KYC and
Americans are not allowed to participate
and you have all these different hoops
and hurdles but that wasn't the case in
2017. In 2017 I could use Binance. They
didn't ask me to KYC. I could I could
participate in ICOs. Like it was great.
Um so yeah, that was my experience. I
think things have changed dramatically
now when I go to colleges and a lot of
the smartest people are coming right out
of college and entering crypto because
now it's a validated industry. You have
people like Jamie Diamond from JP Morgan
saying it's real. You have people like
Mark Zuckerberg saying it's real. You
have people like Stripe saying like
they're going to build a blockchain. So
that's like ultimate ultimate
legitimacy. Like I would think you're
pulling a prank on me if you told me
that like 5 6 years ago that all these
big guys are going to get into crypto or
that Tesla is going to buy Bitcoin or
that Bitcoin will be over $100,000. Like
that sounds so insane in hindsight
because when both of us got in, Bitcoin
was trading at like 1,500 bucks, $2,000.
>> Um it's funny that you mentioned Mark
Zuckerberg. I actually think the moment
in which crypto and blockchain became
real to the US government and to
investors in the US was when Facebook
wanted to launch Libra.
>> Yeah, I agree with that entirely and I
still to this day think that the biggest
fumble of all time. the fact that
Facebook pivoted away from building
payments, which I think is how
blockchain should be built as an initial
use case, especially by these larger
companies, and they lost the plot and
went into this metaverse thing and it
never really took off. Like, yeah, it's
it's a like nice little fat, but no, it
didn't really take off. So, um I don't
know why they let go of that. I think a
lot of people have capitalized on
Facebook's mistake. I think SU and
Apptos are directly a consequence of
Facebook's fumble and SUI and Aptos
together are what worth like 4050
billion. So that's $450 billion of
Eastern market cap that Facebook could
have added to its like balance sheet or
like market cap in general if not more.
So I I think that was a huge huge fumble
on their end.
>> I I don't disagree, but I can also see
from their perspective why they didn't
want to carry on the fight. Like there
were Senate hearings and there were
congressional hearings.
>> It was bad. I sometimes wonder whether
or not you like Trump or I like Trump or
whatever, the administration has been
friendly towards crypto. I wonder what
the world would look like if the
administration in 2020 had been friendly
to crypto. If Libra would exist today,
if we would have been further ahead as
an industry. Um, yeah. Yeah, I can speak
directly from the perspective of
Injective. Like for the last when I
began working at Injective in 2020, we
were always living in this constant fear
that the government is going to come
after us. We have to be super careful.
we got to do this, we got to do that.
And you just ask yourself like, I wasn't
even doing anything bad. Like, we're
trying to build like nextgen tech and we
want people to use it and you're
restricting people from using it, which
is the whole point of crypto to
accessibility, democratizing finance,
etc. How can you democratize finance of
like half the world can't access your
stuff? Um, it was hilariously ironic to
me that I'm in New York building the
stuff and technically I'm not allowed to
be a user of my product because I happen
to live in New York and in the United
States. Um, and and that I think has
done like tremendous harm to the space.
But at at the same time, I think now you
see like a huge swing in the other
direction where even folks like us are
playing a huge role on in BC on Capitol
Hill. Uh, we actually just published um
our policy recommendations for how DeFi
should be regulated with the SEC. We
just did that last month, I believe. Um,
we're just got our ETF filed. These
things would be impossible like a couple
months ago, but now you can do it. Um,
because the government actually wants to
listen to you and hear insights and they
understand that they're behind and to
catch up. They need the advice and
experience of people who've been here a
long time. Um, and that's really really
amazing to see. That's what makes me
really bullish because people in crypto
tend to be very
anarchist sometimes, right? Like they
believe not in the government. But I
think for a technology to truly thrive,
you need that legal pathway or that
framework. Um the internet was sort of
the same, right? It was like off in the
fringes. It was a bunch of hackers. But
once there was a pathway um or or the
government starting to recognize that
the internet is real, it has value, then
that's when you got the trillion dollar
companies. You didn't get the multi-dea
unicorns or or trillion dollar companies
before government accessibility. You got
the dot bubble which led to like a lot
of losses which is kind of like the ICO
bubble and other things in the past. But
now that you have this acceptance and
hopefully it gets better and better um
where crypto is a core part of the tech
stack or or the technology focus or
policy of the government, you will see
tremendously valuable companies and
tremendous access points because when
everyday users in America can access
crypto, it's game over because then you
unlock a huge amount of capital that was
just sitting on the sidelines to be able
to get into crypto in a big way. Um,
yeah. So, so that's my sort of like
little feel and annoyance with with
years past and how things are changing.
>> No, 100% agree. The the worst thing that
happened to to crypto and blockchain as
an industry is it became a bipartisan
issue. And during the previous
administration, like before before uh
number 46, nobody was really like I'm on
this side of the aisle or that side of
the aisle on crypto Twitter. And during
last November, like you saw a clear
partisan divide. And there were multiple
times over the previous administration's
tenure that my company that's based here
in the US was seriously examining
whether we had to offshore because
things like the the custody rule that
was going to get snuck into the
transportation bill that would have made
being a node validator illegal because
you can't collect information KYC
information on transactions that
happened on a block that your node
happened to approve. But um you know we
also I'm I'm really proud of us as an
industry because I too believe that we
do need to have regulation. People do
need to be protected at the end of the
day from scammers. And if you leave it a
wild west then scammers will always use
any opportunity they can to hurt people.
And so in December 23, I flew out to DC
with Stand with Crypto and spoke with
Colorado legislators on pro crypto
legislation and we we actually got to
see like democracy work last year. Um
regardless of if the party you like or
don't like won like crypto one at least.
So yeah, I agree. Um but in general like
I kind of want to like take this back a
little bit because before we were
talking about the role that um
governance like United States based
government governance can provide for
the average retail user. You also
touched on a subject that I think is
super interesting and very um polar on
crypto Twitter which is that of VCs. And
you even mentioned that today it's a
little bit unique in crypto because we
come from an era of ICOs where your
retail user could get involved but today
these deals are made behind closed
doors. But you yourself are also a VC.
So can you share like how you balance
this kind of nuanced insight into the
goods and the bads of what a VC is and
how do you kind of like operate as a VC
yourself knowing that there are certain
opportunities you get access to um and
maybe there are certain opportunities
that more retail should get access to.
>> 100%. That's such a nuanced question and
I think about this a lot when we began
um vessel in general. So we wanted to
create something very different because
the biggest issue I had with the venture
capital environment in crypto is that
first of all I believe a lot of them
have no idea how crypto works and
secondly um they are
investing the capital of others without
taking on much risk themselves. I'm
hyperenalizing there are many VCs I
like. I'm just going to leave a small
asterisk there. But for the most part,
that's the case in in crypto or in VC
land in general, right? And I come from
a world of VC before I I joined
Injective. The way we thought thought
about creating Vessel is very different
because effectively me and the
co-founder of uh Injective, Eric, and
one of my friends Anthony who runs Zion
got together and we said, "Hey, we're
not going to raise any money. We're just
going to use our money and we're going
to put our uh money where our mouth is."
um that automatically that diametrically
shifts the focus of what you do as a VC
because now you're you're taking on risk
yourself. You're committed to helping
that company in a big way. And secondly,
we didn't want to be just financial
investors. We want we were first and
foremost operators. like we had learned
for years how to grow these companies,
how to make them successful. Even small
things that VCs would have no idea about
like how do you get listed on coin
market cap, how do you get listed on an
exchange, how do you think about
liquidity for a token, how do you build
a community on crypto Twitter? Um, all
these things were came naturally to us
because we had gone through it. You
really understand once you go through
all of it. Um, so I try to balance it
just to just to cut to the chase by
being able to provide this information
or advice and be being much more
hands-on with the companies we back. Uh,
because for us it's our own money and
it's our own expertise at risk and what
we can leverage. Um, and I think that
differentiates us highly from what the
VC environment is. Um, I don't think we
have the power. I think it's more of a
governmental policy where I would love
every like ICOs to come back in some
way. Like there are like scams left and
right, but I think um right now people
are finding other ways to do ICOs. I
think these memecoin launches, most of
them are scams and they're effectively
doing ICOs, right? Um or people are
finding other ways to raise money or
capital like DATs, which is also again
an insider play or like what insiders
can participate in. So I would love for
a world to be go back to how things were
in 2017 with some more frameworks and
risk controls. I agree things got out of
hand. Um but that won't happen from me
or any other VC. Like we cannot change
that system. It needs to be changed by
government policy allowing for those
types of fundraising mechanisms to come
back. Um so that's my little short take
on how we think about the space.
>> I think it's funny that you mentioned
memecoins. I think the memecoin craze
that we saw in 2024 was the direct
result of an anti-crypto administration
because you could just launch anything
you want and hey, I'm not building
anything. There's there's no strings
attached to this. And there was clearly
hunger and demand for participating in
these cryptoeconomic
realms. And because most Americans could
only access shitcoins that were launched
for LOLs, that was the only way that
people could participate. So in effect,
the government like enabled us trading
these nonsense tokens.
>> I agree on a high level. I do. I really
do because I think there will always be
the necessity of an outlet. If the
government doesn't allow us to express
um what we want to do with our capital,
people will find more and more nefarious
ways to to do it. And and innocent
people will get more hurt actually
because yes, some meme quins did well.
and I'm really happy for those people,
but 99% of these things do not end well.
Just like 99% of ICOs don't end well.
Um, so I agreed entirely with the right
frameworks, we can get that back while
having some risk control and letting
people participate. I don't even think
it's just like let's blame ICOs for not
doing well because just look at
businesses in general. How many
startups, how many new businesses
actually get off the ground? How many
restaurants survive after two or three
years?
>> You are preaching to the choir here. I
agree entirely. I think like the
statistic is like 90% of startups fail
and I think 95 or to 99% of startups
fail before reaching like CEC. Um so
yeah, no it's it's just a risk and I
think um but people are taking risk
anyways, right? Like when you look at
penny stocks, how are penny stocks
better than being able to invest into a
crypto asset? Um I would argue a crypto
asset has more liquidity is listed on
more places than a random penny stock.
Um, I don't know. Like it's just weird
that you're allowed to take risk and
invest at some random shitcoin like
biotech company that has never produced
anything, but you're not allowed to
invest in actual crypto projects that
are legit.
>> Yeah. All right. So, I I think it's
pretty interesting then that you're kind
of head of BD for a chain ecosystem. You
also manage your own fund. Um, so you
kind of get to see this perspective from
var wearing various different hats. So
what what does that look like then? You
know what you want to see, what kind of
DAP, what kind of project you want to
see building an injective. How does that
in how does that kind of like feed in to
your perspectives and how you invest
into blockchain companies?
Yeah, I think that is such a unique
advantage we have versus others because
we're seeing day-to-day what builders
are actually trying to create or where
the pain points are. Um, for instance,
if someone pitches me or or pitch me,
they don't pitch these things to me
anymore. But in 2021, a metaverse play,
I understood that from a blockchain
perspective, there wasn't real inherent
demand. Like it was just like very
short-lived. But it gives you a unique
lens when you actually invest where you
realize that hey this will likely not
end well and these are highly overvalued
like um land on the central land or or
sandbox shouldn't be worth millions of
dollars and it's very clear to you
because you're in the space or in the
know and you understand the actual
demand and traction but as an out if I
was an outside VC maybe I wouldn't
understand that. Um I'll give you a
fantastic example of this and this is
not me calling any project out. A
fantastic example of this is Axi
Infiniti where you had really major VCs
like A16D who are still to this day very
well respected. They were backing Axi
Infiniti because they thought that hey
this is real inherent demand. Look at
their usage. Look at their token going
up. But I understood and people in the
know understood that that is not real.
What's actually happening is some people
are buying these NFTts and shipping, not
to be crashed, but shipping out the
actual work to horror Filipinos um who
are actually playing the game on your
behalf, which is leading to this demand.
But it was really easy to see that this
would all come crashing down because
there's no actual user who actually
liked that game or played for the fun of
it. They're just trying to make quick
cash. Um, so that's something that we
were able to avoid strategically. Um,
because it was a deck of cards that was
waiting to come down, right? Whereas
like people like A16Z ended up paying
the price and ended up losing a lot of
money because those those and this
happens to this day everywhere, right?
Like when a new project comes out and
they suddenly have millions of active
wallets, it's like yeah feces think
that's real, but we know internally that
hey this is a bunch of airdrop farmers
from like different countries where
they're just trying to get an airdrop
and all the users will disappear after
this airdrop. But it's kind of sad to
say but so many people get tricked by
these metrics. So I think that's one
lens that that is interesting for us
that gives us a unique advantage. The
second unique advantage on a bright side
is we know where there is latent demand
or where people will have demand. For
instance, we understood that
tokenization would be a huge huge play,
but we also understood that the play is
to allow for retail access and for
secondary market access because if you
just KYC gate all these fancy things
you're putting on chain, it doesn't
actually have demand. So we were able to
both internally focus on that and
realize that hey we need to allow for
secondary market trading of RWAS or
tokenized equities. Um and Injective
today is one of the highest like the
highest chain for RWA volume when it
comes to things like tokenized equities,
stocks, ETFs because we were able to
signal early on that hey we see a lot of
builders building in the tokenization
space but the real demand will come if
you allow for real retail access. Um, so
it also gives you unique perspectives in
that regard where it kind of informs you
of what maybe you should be focusing on
or building or where there might be
major product market fit.
>> Yeah. So as we lean into the kind of
product market fit that Injective is
clearly finding right now, let's take a
quick step back in time. I think one of
the based off of like the cursory
research I've done into the ecosystem,
there's a lot of kind of value that was
placed on being selected as a as a
project for the Binance incubation
program. So what was kind of like the
initial vision? How did that seed of
initial support of Binance saying, "Hey,
there is a there there what what did
that kind of like do to kind of like
push the marble at the top of the hill
to to snowball into this big old kind of
like massive snowball that we see today?
And how did the the insights and the
vision for Injective back then, how has
it kind of like adapted and changed over
time to meet where we're at today?" That
is that's a great question. Um, so there
there's two ways to answer this. The
first way is that support from Binance
went a long way because we were the
first incubated project by Binance Labs
and our goal was to create like a
decentralized version of Binance. That
was the first goal, right? Um, and that
support meant a lot when it came to like
us raising money in the future or us
getting a stamp of approval from the
community. It's like, hey, this project
must be legit. Binance is backing them
which meant a lot uh to us and to our
community but I think in a huge way that
vision just hasn't changed like we still
want to build what Binance was able to
do on but onchain um and the vision sort
of was able to grow from that and it
still inspires us to this day because
what we realized over time is um and
this is a very fast way to explain how
injective was developed. Initially, we
were just building a DEX and then as we
were building the DEX, which was
initially on Ethereum, we're like, hey,
this can't handle the latency or the
high frequency trading that Binance can
provide. We need to build our own stack
around it. Which led to us ultimately
building our own chain around this
product. As we were building that chain
around that product, we realized, hey,
people want to do more than just trade
these assets. They seem to want to build
their own exchanges on top. Um because
we were getting reachouts from builders.
It's like, hey, can I build my own
exchange with this? Um and we realized,
wait, if we truly want to be on chain
and open source, we should enable
everyone to build whatever they want and
express their own ways to build. Um
that's how you get an influx of users
and a differentiation point. Because if
you literally, this is something no one
wants to say, does the dirty little
secret of crypto.
The average user, and I'm going to get
killed for this, the average user does
not care if something is onchain or
off-chain. They do not care. It does not
matter if you bought your token on
Coinbase or on Injective, right? Like,
you're getting the same token in the
minds of the average retail user. Of
course, there's some percentage of the
population that really cares about the
ethos of decentralization, etc., blah
blah blah, but the average user has no
care for it. But the only way for you to
stand out as an onchain player or as a
DeFi player is for you to do something
different than what Coinbase or Binance
or others are giving you, right? Um, and
that's what led to our realization that,
hey, we shouldn't just put these assets
on chain. We should allow for new
functionality. We should allow other
people to build their own exchange on us
or their own prediction markets on us.
We should allow people to be able to
trade any asset of their choice and take
it in and out and go leverage with it.
And most importantly, we should allow
people to create any new market that
they want. Um, because we shouldn't be
the arbiters of like what market is
listed or what is not listed. And that's
what led to Injective really finding
that product market fit in a big way
because now you can have people creating
markets. You can have people building
new tools and products on you which
someone like Coinbase or Binance can
never provide. Like they will never be
able to compete with that. Um because
ultimately this is a product
functionality that doesn't necessarily
make a lot of business sense. Why would
you as a company allow other people to
copy what you built and build your own
thing with it? But as a protocol, you
have this unique advantage where you can
say it doesn't matter if this makes a
lot of money for us or if we end up
losing money long time, but people care
about this and this is filling a hole or
a void that these centralized
counterparts can't match. Um, and that's
what led to everything you see on
Injected today. Like us being able to
offer tokenized equities or RWAs. It's
not because it's a buzzword. It's
because people actually care about
having 24 access uh 24/7 access to
tokenized stocks or being able to go
leverage long or leverage short on
something they don't believe in. Like
the number of times people have told me
it's like, "Hey, on Robin Hood, I can
buy Tesla, but I I want to be able to
short it 24/7. I want to be able to
hedge it with my crypto." And that's
like a real pain point and a use case
that Injective is now able to fill. And
that was because of this inherent
realization that we had thankfully early
on where we realized that this onchain
stuff sounds great on paper and we care
about it because we're nerds and we care
about decentralization, but the average
person doesn't care. So you need to
build products and tools and modules and
tool sets um and platforms and markets
that are different uh full stop from
what Binance or Coinbase is providing
because still to this day the amount of
hurdles you need to give to go on chain
is crazy like you need to first get on
Coinbase then you need to use a bridge
or get your tokens on MetaMask then you
need to get your tokens on Injective and
then you can finally access everything
we offer. Those hurdles all have costs.
They all have fees. And no chain, in my
opinion, my honest opinion, has fixed
this hurdle because the average user is
still onboarding via something like a
Binance or Coinbase. They're not
automatically downloading Jupiter or
Helix or like trying out the Injective
Bridge. So, if you think that the
average user has to go through like 30
minutes of hurdle um and let's say like
$15 in fees to withdraw their assets,
your product needs to be so good and so
different from a Coinbase that they're
willing to make that jump. Otherwise,
they'll never make that jump. Um, and I
think the sooner more crypto folks
realize this, the better our products
will become. Because right now a lot of
the issue I have with DeFi is they're
just trying to replicate what already
exists, but not many people care about
what exists already. They want something
new. So that's my little hot take or
maybe not so hot take.
>> No, I love it. Um, internally with with
the team I work with day in and day out,
we we constantly say that people don't
really care about decentralization. It's
only like a select few on CT who do. And
and and you're bringing up a great
point. I think the only project that is
really going ham on solving this
friction is Agoric and they're working
on like orchestration, right? Where you
can migrate assets from from here to
there between chains with abstracting
that sort of process from the user and
it there it's few and far between which
kind of like brings me to to a question
I wanted to ask about the tech stack
that Injective initially chose. Um, I
believe you built on WOM, so and the
Cosmos ecosystem. So, do you feel and
and I love Cosmos. Um, I love like the
the chain of chains like it's super cool
decentralized tech, really good tech. It
really hasn't taken off in in in the
mainstream's eye or at least like the
the
>> it is mainly a developer focused
product. Honestly, it's good if you want
flexibility.
>> That's what made us switch to Cosmos
very early on or use the stack at least.
I wouldn't say no one builds on Cosmos
but their SDK is so good and performant.
You can build anything you want. You can
express your creativity with no limits.
Um like yes we began with the Cosmos SDK
but we effectively customized the entire
stack where we have our own like
governance modules. We have our own sort
of onchain order book that we built
around it or binary options that allow
people to build things like prediction
markets for elections. That
customizability unfortunately doesn't
exist on other chains. Like if we had
built on let's say a Salana or an ET,
yes they have their differences. Um I
know that but ultimately you're reliant
on that chain. Um so if that chain for
some reason has some downtime, you're
reliant on it. Um you're reliant on that
chain infrastructure. Cosmos is unique
is because they've divorced that
reliance on the native chain. Like no
one has to build on Cosmos itself. Most
Cosmos chains that you know, BNB chain,
Polygon, Injective, Bar Chains, um the
list goes on, they will never say that
they're Cosmos chains. They happen to
build a chain using the Cosmos stack.
And it's ultimately only because it's so
customizable and so beautiful from a
developer standpoint. But that's also
what's led to the demise of Cosmos in my
opinion because it hasn't caught
mainstream appeal because Cosmos is so
good and and such a purist product that
they never took into account that none
of these people building on them
actually benefits the core Cosmos token
in any way. Whereas if you build
something on Solano or even ETH, you're
paying gas fees. The money is somehow uh
being burnt on on ETH. That's very clear
like the revenue is getting burnt, the
gas fees are getting burnt. um which is
inherently valuable for the token
holders, but Cosmos doesn't have that.
They're just a developer tool or product
that happens to have a token. I think
that's a good way of framing um why we
chose Cosmos or why Cosmos hasn't gotten
mainstream appeal, but many chains built
using the Cosmos stack have tremendous
mainstream appeal. Um I'm not allowed to
use this example that much anymore, but
I will. But Terra is also built with the
Cosmos stack and that was like a top 10
token. Um, Polygon for a time was a top
10 token, I believe, and that was also a
Cosmos based stack and B&B chain is a
Cosmos based stack, but they'll never
tell you that they're built on Cosmos.
So, I think that's the reality.
>> Yeah. So, you guys recently just
launched an EVM test net um chain. So, I
guess like despite the fact that the
Cosmos SDK offers so much flexibility
and you can do so much with it, we're
still in an EVM world. So what was like
what was that thought process?
>> Yeah, it is an Ethereum world. We're
just living in it. So the the the
reality is and I say that as like the
biggest Ethereum fanboy to be honest.
It's what got me into crypto. So I'll
always love Ethereum. I think um the the
core focus for us was to get interesting
products and to get users, you need
interesting builders. And 90% plus of
developer mind share today is still on
EVM world or EVM land. So the wom layer
allowed us to customize and build a very
performant chain. But now to introduce
builders to it, we also needed EVM. That
was sort of the focus for it. But we
didn't want to become every other EVM
chain. What we did uniquely is say how
can we retain all the modules and all
this fancy customization work we did but
just enable people to develop
applications in solidity. That's that
like that's it. like you don't have to
do bridging. You can use the same token
standard. That's why it took us so much
longer than other projects to build our
EVM chain because most projects what
they do is say, "Hey, we're going to get
rid of WOSM and just go full EVM." But
that would get rid of so many things
that make Injective interesting like our
onchain order book, all the institutions
we integrated into that layer that
provide liquidity. So imagine now you
can have developers in the same world
build with solidity but have access to
all the liquidity and all the apps that
exist in Injective Wom side or the
Cosmos side. Um, and that's never been
done before. And that's what makes our
EVM so interesting and different because
what we're saying is the main value prop
of Injective is this shared liquidity
layer that we provide. All these
institutional support, this beautiful
order book we built where you
effectively get a Binance or Coinbase
type experience without front running,
without ME. Um, we will lose it all if
we get rid of WASM. But if we allow
builders to come and utilize this in
solidity, that opens up a whole new
swath of builders and a whole new swath
of projects that would never be able to
access us before. Um, so that was really
the focus point where we always we were
initially building on Ethereum. I think
I might have mentioned this earlier and
we only switched to Cosmos because it
had like roadblocks or throttles when it
came to transaction speeds. You know the
deal like throughput. Um, but we solved
that at Injective. we want to retain
that and have have EVM as an outlet for
developers to express what they want to
build. Um, so that vision was what
inspired us, I would say, to build EVM
in the first place on top of Injective.
>> So then I'm just real curious and and
we're running up against time, but and I
also want to talk about all the things
that's happening with the ETFs and and
the DATs, but what's like the the
appetite then for the EVM side chain? Is
it a side chain? Is it is it an L2? um
what what's like the current appetite
from solidity developers that you're
seeing?
>> The developer activity uh for EVM is
tremendous. So basically the appetite we
see just in EVM land is much higher than
WASM. So what we realized very early on
is WAM land is very limited in terms of
the number of builders. Um and we pretty
much have conquered that space. There's
like pretty much if you had a project on
Cosmos or In Wom you the app exists on
Injective today, but now you can have
huge players like Chain Link and 1 in um
work with us. You can have huge players
like Athena work with us. Um and that
wasn't necessarily possible before
because of that roadblock on the Wom
side. Um also the transferability of
assets is a huge deal because now we can
get things like native stable coins and
native um issuance on our chain where
before if you would go to someone like a
circle they would say hey we can't
integrate this this would take forever
now that we have EVM they're like hey
this this will maybe take a couple
months back we can make this happen so
that level of support is much more well
thought out in EVM land and the
developer support metrics are way more
well thought out um which makes our
transition position much easier when it
comes to being able to appeal to more
builders, giving them more support. Um,
also the dev tooling on EVM is
unmatched. Like Salana is good, but even
Salana does not come close to the amount
of tooling and experimentation that
exists in EVM land. Um, and I think
that's very much hard to build because
you need a community that's been
building years and years. And you said
it perfectly before like you were
thinking about giving up on ETH like as
all of us were in 2018 2019 but like the
builders were here and they were
building throughout thick and thin. Very
few projects can say that. Very few
projects can say they survived that
while still retaining immense developer
interest and mind share. Um I think
that's what makes Ethereum and EVM in
general so special.
>> Yeah, I agree. Okay, so kind of like
zooming out and wrapping up. Um,
Injective is making huge splashes to
today, this week, this month when people
are going to be listening to this
because we're starting to see super
prolific Wall Street facing partnerships
and opportunities that are arising. The
two I kind of want to talk about really
briefly are Pineapple Financial and
Canary Capital. So, first, Pineapple uh
Pineapple Financial um is a publicly
listed fintech company that's trading on
the New York Stock Exchange, and they
announced that they're going to do a
$100 million fund raise to acquire inj
the the native Injective token as part
of their digital asset treasury. How do
how did you guys go about like getting
this set up? Because at first it was
crazy when Micro Strategy was doing
Bitcoin for for their debt and now we
have Tom Lee doing it with Ethereum and
people are like ah it can't there there
literally can't be any others and now we
have a mortgage company kind of like
going ham on Injective. So like what is
how did that come about and like from
your perspective what is it that they
see in you guys?
>> Yeah I I think both are great questions.
So we saw the rise of DATs very early
on. I would say six, seven months ago,
we already started to hear murmurings.
Um, and I knew about Asbet that Joe
Luben was going to do that and and do
something big for Ethereum. Obviously,
Bitmon blew it out of the water where uh
Tom Lee was fantastic and and ETH is
where it is because of some of the work
Tom Lee and and Espine
have been doing. Um,
there were many companies that
approached us. The biggest issue I had
with dads and I and I'll stand on on the
same uh footing until the day I die. I
think a lot of these are like ponzies.
The the reason I don't like many of them
is because what will happen is you have
a failed biotech company or a failed
vaping company and they'll say, "Hey,
we're doing crypto now." Just in the
hope that their stock goes up. I didn't
necessarily see any inherent synergy. It
was like a shell that people are using
to get like these treasuries live. What
was so interesting for us and Pineapple
when they reached out to us is hey
here's an actual fintech company and
their synergies here because last year
they did $2.5 billion in issuance of
mortgages though imagine we could put
that on chain like figure just went
public and they're worth like 67 billion
bucks and they also only processed a few
billion dollars in mortgages last year
and they do a lot of their work offchain
it's not necessarily onchain so imagine
we bring those pineapple assets onchain
so yes is them buying inj special and
the fact that they raised $100 million.
Yes, that's amazing. But the reason why
Pineapple is interesting for Injective
specifically is we're this blockchain
for finance and Pineapple is a fintech
company first. And if we can tokenize
these assets, then this digital asset
treasury goes beyond just a company, a
random unaffiliated industry buying your
token. It happens to be a company that
can actually work with you long term and
grow with us. Inj is like a huge part of
their strategy and the best way to help
INJ in my opinion is to help the
ecosystem in chain to bring us more
assets to bring us more volume to bring
us more users. I think that's why it was
so interesting for us when this deal
came about. Um and I think that's very
different from how other DATs are
approaching the space today.
>> 100%. And if you just look at like RWA's
coming on chain, the chart is just up
and to the right for all the verticals.
Um, so it's it's super cool to see
Injective kind of like capturing this
momentum that is going to only continue
as we get more and more procrypto
legislation enacted here in the states.
Um, one last thing before I let you go,
I wanted to bring up uh Canary Capital.
Um, they're filing for the first ever US
staked INJ ETF. What are the kind of
like holdups that we're seeing? because
we just saw this week that the ETH
staking ETFs are going to still get
delayed once again by SEC review. So,
what does this mean in the grand scheme
of things to have an INJ ETF to
potentially have like staking as a part
of it? What are your concerns or your
thoughts about forward guidance towards
inind redemptions? Just kind of like
what's your verbal drop on ETFs? So, I
think it is a boon for the industry if
more ETFs get approved because
effectively it's an outlet for an
average investor to be able to access
your token, right, without having to go
through all the hurdles we mentioned
earlier. You don't have to bridge. You
don't have to get your money on Coinbase
and then bridge out. You can just have
you can just purchase this ETF and it
will and an sophisticated asset manager
like Canary Capital will go ahead and
stake those assets and pass that yield
on to you. So that part is so
interesting for us because Injectives
yield is so attractive. Um it's like
12.4% today. Um and that's far higher
than many other chains. So if that yield
exists and we can guarantee it because
effectively um valuators are
guaranteeing it. Maybe I shouldn't use
the word guarantee. It's asterric
because technically the staking rate can
fluctuate. I know my lawyers will ask me
to say that. Um, but the but the staking
rate is really great on Injective. And
if Canary can pass that on to an average
user who might be using Robin Hood to
access this ETF, then you unlock a whole
world of opportunity because what's
happening right now is between you and
me and between everyone else in the
world. Interest rates are going to
continue to get cut as the economy
continues to worsen. Like that's not so
much of a secret. And once that happens,
people will be looking for a yield
outlet that is safe. Uh staking is one
of the safest yield outlets where it is
it is not related to some stablehood or
anything else. It is just a a monetary
reward for you helping to secure the
chain. Um and as interest rates go down,
people will be earning less yield on
their Wealthfront accounts and their
Robin Hood accounts and their Marcus by
Goldman Sachs accounts. And that's when
these ETFs become really attractive
where people can not only access this
innovative asset like INJ, but they can
also access the yield. Um I think the
biggest holdup right now is the
government hasn't given a clear
framework on how they want to treat
staking. Um but that will get resolved.
I think a lot of people in BC ourselves
included are working to pass along this
agenda. A lot of our policy papers that
we're publishing are based around this
as issue as well. Um because I think
once the government gets their head
around this that hey staking is a form
of yield that is paid uh for you helping
to secure a chain or a financial asset,
it starts to make a lot of sense. Um and
I think ETFs are only valuable with that
staking component because otherwise all
you're doing is allowing people to buy
ETH through an ETF. You might as well
have bought that ETH yourself and not
paid an asset manager. But if you have
the yield component, technically it's
better because you don't have to go
through the hurdles of staking yourself
or figuring out how to stake on chain.
It just automatically happens for you
and that yield is passed on to you and
the asset management fee doesn't affect
you because most of these have like
asset management fees these ETFs because
the yield can help subsidize that asset
management fee. So it's actually net
more beneficial for you to access this
ETF. Um, so that's my take and my take
as to specifically why staking uh for
these assets is so important.
>> Awesome. Um, and I just want to show the
Injective ecosystem in general. There's
100 million in circulating supply and
54.7 million are staked. That's a higher
amount of staked INJ than we see in
almost any other blockchain ecosystem
out there. So, not only do you have like
a super high interest rate, you also
have more than half of the token supply
being staked, there's also ingj being
burned. So, at the risk of like opening
up another can of worms that keeps you
here for 5 minutes, what's like a
highlevel oneword or single sentence um
perspective you can give us as to why
there is such a high percentage of INJ
that's staked in your ecosystem.
>> Um community one word I I think we spent
years and years doing it. We came out in
like out of the worst bare market, two
bad bare markets actually. uh the bare
market of 2019 and then the bare market
uh with FTX and Luna crashing. We stuck
through it and I think a lot of the
community members continue to believe in
us and continue to stake. Uh we have
like hundreds of thousands of individual
community members staking their tokens.
Um I think that speaks volumes as to how
Injective operates and why we are where
we are today.
>> Amazing. Mira, thank you so much for
your time today. Who do you want to chat
with and what's the best way they can
reach out to you? Best way is miraza
on Twitter. That is the easiest way to
reach out to me. Uh I'm happy to talk to
anyone. I get DMs all the time and I'm
like really responsive even on Twitter
DMs.
>> Awesome. Thank you so much for your time
today. Um it was truly a pleasure to
chat with you.
>> Yeah, same here. Thank you so much.
>> Thank you for tuning in to the Smart
Economy Podcast. To stay in the loops
with all of our latest episodes and
insights, head over to
www.smarteconomyodcast.com.
smarteconomyodcast.com
and don't forget to subscribe to our
YouTube channel for all of our video
content. If you enjoyed today's
discussion, please consider showing your
support by liking, commenting, and
reviewing this episode on your favorite
podcasting platform. Your feedback helps
us reach more listeners and bring even
better content your way. We'd also love
to hear from you. So, please drop a
comment on Spotify or YouTube to share
what topics you'd like us to cover or
who you'd like to see as our next guest.
And if you or someone you know would
make a great guest, please reach out.
We're always on the hunt for fresh
voices and new perspectives. And if
you're a NEO token holder, please
consider voting for Neo News Today as
your council representative. We've
proudly been serving the NEO ecosystem
since 2017 and we'll continue to do so
by putting portions of our council
rewards directly back into ecosystem
growth initiatives. So once again, thank
you for listening to the Smart Economy
podcast and we look forward to catching
you next time.